clearplayerclasses

//██████████████████████████████████████████CSCC████████████████████████████████████████
addplayerclass "MegamanCSCC" nomenu 
addplayerclass "ColdFusion" nomenu  
addplayerclass "Sinkman" nomenu 
addplayerclass "KingYamatoClass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "FiniteZero" nomenu
addplayerclass "JackCorvus" nomenu
addplayerclass "YellowDevil" nomenu
addplayerclass "GummyClass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Chimeraman" nomenu
addplayerclass "CutmanMikeClass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "LaggyBlazko" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Breve" nomenu 
addplayerclass "IceSparky" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Beed28" nomenu 
addplayerclass "BlazeClass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "TsukiyomaruZero" nomenu 
addplayerclass "FengaPapit" nomenu 
addplayerclass "TsukiTroll" nomenu  
addplayerclass "Messatsu" nomenu  
addplayerclass "TheBladeRoden" nomenu  
addplayerclass "Ukiyama" nomenu  
addplayerclass "TravisClass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Michael712Class" nomenu  
addplayerclass "UnixClass" nomenu  
addplayerclass "Bikdark" nomenu  
addplayerclass "JaxClass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Lego" nomenu  
addplayerclass "SaviorSword" nomenu  
addplayerclass "Daveris" nomenu  
addplayerclass "Gizmo" nomenu
addplayerclass "HumanDestroyer" nomenu 
addplayerclass "StoneFunk" nomenu 
addplayerclass "CopyRobot" nomenu  
addplayerclass "KorbyClass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "RedEyes" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Sergio" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Rozark" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Knux" nomenu
addplayerclass "MutantYoshi" nomenu 
addplayerclass "AdaraMozes" nomenu
addplayerclass "Freon" nomenu

//██████████████████████████████████████████Teaparty████████████████████████████████████████

addplayerclass "Zard1084class" nomenu 
addplayerclass "PrinnyQueenclass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Alicetheicefairyclass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Giantmega.execlass" nomenu
addplayerclass "Lightclass" nomenu 
addplayerclass "ProtomanCSCC" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Clayton" nomenu
addplayerclass "Fyone" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Smash" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Missingno" nomenu 
addplayerclass "ToastMan" nomenu 
addplayerclass "ChaosFantasy" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Hilman170499" nomenu 
addplayerclass "LordDamager" nomenu 
addplayerclass "Jake" nomenu 
//addplayerclass "Dakutatoru" nomenu 
addplayerclass NNCReborn nomenu //Neo

//██████████████████████████████████████████IceIceBaby████████████████████████████████████████

addplayerclass WeavileClass nomenu
addplayerclass BlizzardKnightClass nomenu
addplayerclass DiamondIceMan nomenu
//addplayerclass FrostWalrus nomenu //Disabled till I can fix the health issue... and Copy's morph
addplayerclass IceMage nomenu
addplayerclass NegaSwordman nomenu
addplayerclass WeoWeoIce nomenu
addplayerclass BozuClass nomenu
addplayerclass MechUnitB nomenu

//██████████████████████████████████████████ThereAreNoWeaknesses████████████████████████████████████████

addplayerclass Treo nomenu
addplayerclass SnailClass nomenu
addplayerclass Ceridran nomenu
addplayerclass VizClass nomenu
addplayerclass TsuyoiClass nomenu
addplayerclass JuriClass nomenu
addplayerclass NaturesWonder nomenu
//addplayerclass Zard1084 nomenu
addplayerclass Zangief nomenu
//██████████████████████████████████████████CSCC Bronze████████████████████████████████████████
//addplayerclass EdgeLord
//AddPlayerClass Pistonman
//addplayerclass InsanePharaohman
//AddPlayerClass Badz
//addplayerclass Flameryn
//AddPlayerClass Ankhzirus
//addplayerclass StormConductor
//addplayerclass Hikari
//addplayerclass MasterNinja
//AddPlayerClass BullGator
//addplayerclass Zaffre
//addplayerclass Akane
//AddPlayerClass Aegis
//AddPlayerClass ValkyrieMaiden
//addplayerclass Vocalwoman
//AddPlayerClass TankOperator
//addplayerclass SnailBreeder
//addplayerclass Apiarist
//AddPlayerClass Yang
//AddPlayerClass Fume
//AddPlayerClass ZenTrainer
//addplayerclass Undyne

//██████████████████████████████████████████OCBMR████████████████████████████████████████
//addplayerclass AuronApp nomenu
//addplayerclass OfficerMagnum nomenu
addplayerclass Arnon nomenu
AddPlayerClass Mason nomenu
AddPlayerClass Gaol97 nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Itolos nomenu

//██████████████████████████████████████████Magicode████████████████████████████████████████
//AddPlayerClass Zomo.EXE nomenu
//AddPlayerClass RedMage nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Sal nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Devion nomenu
//AddPlayerClass MetalMaiden nomenu
//AddPlayerClass IceFurry nomenu //Glace
//AddPlayerClass Darkile nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Lily nomenu
//AddPlayerClass KingBaku nomenu
//AddPlayerClass MagicaClass nomenu
//AddPlayerClass SergeantJohn nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Ignis nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Yumi nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Cascara nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Arsenal nomenu
//AddPlayerClass KingBaku nomenu
//AddPlayerClass MetalMaiden nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Slick nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Luna nomenu
//AddPlayerClass RinClass nomenu
//AddPlayerClass JadoClass nomenu
//AddPlayerClass GodOfDestruction nomenu //Omega Zero
//AddPlayerClass IceAquoon nomenu
//AddPlayerClass LunaticClass nomenu
//AddPlayerClass Thalo nomenu //Thalo
//██████████████████████████████████████████Ultimate████████████████████████████████████████
addplayerclass "BoneheadCSCC" nomenu
addplayerclass "GeeCSCC" nomenu