clearplayerclasses
addplayerclass MegamanC nomenu
addplayerclass CopyRobot nomenu
AddPlayerClass GizmoClass nomenu
addplayerclass UnixClass nomenu
addplayerclass CutmanMikeClass nomenu
addplayerclass IceSparkyClass nomenu 
addplayerclass UkiyamaClass nomenu
addplayerclass MessatsuClass nomenu  
addplayerclass ColdFusionClass nomenu
addplayerclass PistonmanClass nomenu 
addplayerclass AegisClass nomenu 
addplayerclass TankOperatorClass nomenu
AddPlayerClass BadzClass nomenu 
addplayerclass LaggyBlazkoClass nomenu
AddPlayerClass BullGatorClass nomenu
addplayerclass KorbyClass nomenu
addplayerclass VocalWomanClass nomenu 
addplayerclass ZenTrainerClass nomenu 
addplayerclass GeeClass nomenu 
addplayerclass KnuxClass nomenu
addplayerclass YangClass nomenu
addplayerclass GravitronClass nomenu  
addplayerclass NaturesWonderClass nomenu  
addplayerclass LegoClass nomenu
addplayerclass AbraClass nomenu
addplayerclass DevionClass nomenu
//addplayerclass RedMageClass nomenu [no balance zone]
addplayerclass JaxClass nomenu 
addplayerclass DaverisClass nomenu 
addplayerclass LordDamagerClass nomenu 
